I didn't do this but let's actually
have another little brief aside.
Which is, I can do use selector but
I have made myself that hooks file for
stuff like this,
where you do something,
we'll say, use tasks.
And we can say that that is going to,
that one's going to take everything and
it's just going to take, And
this is before we said, if we don't really
love using app selector a lot of times,
I will abstract it into these hooks
they're just like get me the tasks.
Whatever that means to you get them for
me, right?
And then if I ever decide
I hate Redux later,
I can just swap the internal
implementation or if I've done
this already with some other either set
state or use reducer, cool, cool cool.
Tasks.entities, parenthesis close.
That should,
I don't know if it's off the top,
I would have to look at
the Redux react dev tools,
because that is probably only
changing when entities changes.
I don't feel the need to memoize it.
I guess I should, because I guess tasks
will change now that loading changes.
So I probably do in fact wanna memoize the
task cause I don't need to like re-render
because it started asking for new tasks.
That's a good point that I asked myself.
So we'll do loading and
here we can do useAppSelector and
we'll say state.
.loading and I'm just going to
make sure that that is a boolean
because if it's undefined,
we'll say that if we're not loading.
Awesome.
And then so what I will do is,
There's yeah,
there's a question of would I break these
out into two separate things, right?
Because then I could like triggers,
re-renders differently, right?
Because even if I don't use memo,
loading changes would be the same
thing as if the Object got changed.
So this app is small that some of
the advantages of using a use memo
wouldn't serve me.
If I bundle these together and these two
dependencies are loading and entities,
and the, to avoid when loading changes
getting new tasks to render, and
I bundled them the same react.memo,
they would be the same thing.
So I would have to, theoretically,
put them in two different hooks, but
they're actually going into
the same component anyway.
So we're re-rendering no matter what.
So you could do it if you wanted to.
I don't know about the efficacy of it,
but it's a thing.
And so
we could say you could either do the,
like tuple syntax, tuple,
tuple, tuple, loading.
You just wanna do it as a constant so
it knows that it is actual tuple.
But you could probably omit
the useMemo if you wanted to.
Right, and now I can just use,
useTasks whenever I want.
And you can see that it is an array
of exactly only two items.
The tasks and whether or
not we're loading.
If this had more things
like is error state,
is updating,
you might turn it into an object.
But if we wanted a different syntax or,
yeah, you might have the error.
The data structure is up for
interpretation.
But.
Now we know the task lists and
we can switch this out.
Did I export it?
It did.
Look at me.
And now we just change this out.
Import it.
That'll be the tasks and loading.
Tasks start as an empty array so
that's cool.
Loading we're not using so
here was just pop in.
That's the word loading a lot.
This component I just made just
renders null if this is false, so
I don't have to put a conditional in there
which is a pattern I really like rather
than putting loading.
And then the loader component I'm,
hey, loading component I will tell
you whether or not we're loading.
You decide if you're gonna return null or
not.
So we can have that in place.
All right, let's verify, loading.
There.
So it is setting and triggering the state.
And we can get.
You have full control over
everything you choose to do.
And because it's simply kicking
off a promise, you probably,
the nice part is it's not a big lift to
kind of move into this if you want because
you probably already have the promise code
somewhere else in your code base, right?
You're just kind of wrapping it in
an action that you kick off wherever maybe
you were calling it otherwise and then
like selecting that data as you need it.